# Project-419
30 MW Solar Power Project TKSPL, Tamil Nadu, India
______________
Scale of the project activity Large Scale

Project participants Project Proponent: IndiGrid Limited.
Mumbai, Maharashtra-400098, India.

Host Party India

Applied methodologies and
standardized baselines
Type I (Renewable Energy Projects)
UNFCCC Methodology Category, “ACM0002: Grid-connected
electricity generation from renewable sources - Version 21.0

UCR Protocol Standard Baseline Emission Factor

Sectoral scopes 01 Energy industries (Renewable / Non-renewable Sources)

Estimated amount of total GHG
emission reductions 46,249 CoUs/year (46,249 tCO2eq/year)
_________________

The Terralight Kanji Solar Pvt. Ltd. (TKSPL) Solar Power Project is a ground-mounted solar
energy generation facility located in Village Alliyandal, Tamil Nadu, India. The project has a total
installed capacity of 30 MW of Solar PV plant and utilizes photovoltaic (PV) technology to harness
solar energy for electricity generation. 

The project contributes to India's renewable energy targets
and aims to mitigate carbon emissions by displacing fossil fuel-based electricity generation with
clean, renewable solar power.

The project is promoted by Terralight Kanji Solar Private Limited (TKSPL), which belongs to
INDIGRID also called the Project Proponent or PP. INDIGRID is India's first and largest
Infrastructure Investment Trust (InvIT) in the power transmission sector. INDIGRID owns,
operates, and manages power transmission networks and renewable energy assets that deliver
reliable power throughout India. IndiGrid’s Portfolio Assets consists of thirty-five power projects
comprising of 15 operational transmission projects, 1 greenfield transmission project and 18 solar
generation projects located across 20 states and 1 union territory in India. M/s Terralight Kanji Solar
Pvt. Ltd. (TKSPL) is one of the solar generation projects situated in Tirunannamalai, State Tamil
Nadu. The Project activity is a new facility (Greenfield) and the electricity generated by the project
will be exported to the Indian electricity grid. 

The project will therefore displace an equivalent
amount of electricity which would have otherwise been generated by fossil fuel dominant electricity
grid. In the Pre- project scenario the entire electricity, delivered to the grid by the project activity,
would have otherwise been generated by the operation of grid connected power plants and by the
addition of new generation sources.

The main purpose of this project activity is to generate clean form of electricity through renewable
solar energy source. The project is a bundled project activity which involves installation of 30 MW
solar projects.

TKSPL is engaged in the business of setting up, generating and selling of renewable power from its
ground mounted solar power plants located at Tiruvannamalai, Tamil Nadu. TKSPL had entered
into a PPA with TANGEDCO for implementation of 36.00 MWp (30.00 MW AC) solar
photovoltaic power generation unit in the State of Tamil Nadu, to sell electricity for a period of 25
years from COD.

The PP has the full ownership of the project activity. This project is an operational activity with
continuous reduction of GHGs, currently being applied under “Universal Carbon Registry” (UCR),
which rewards solar programs with carbon credits as an incentive for positive climate action in the
Global South, as opposed to carbon finance in other international voluntary carbon programs.

As of March 2023, India has made significant progress in the field of renewable energy. The
installed renewable energy capacity has increased from 115.94 GW in March 2018 to 172.00 GW in
March 2023, which is approximately 1.48 times higher. During the year 2022-23, a total of 365.60
billion units (BU) of electricity were generated from renewable energy sources across the country1.
Globally, India ranks fourth in installed capacity of renewable energy according to the Renewable
Energy Statistics 2023 released by the International Renewable Energy Agency (IRENA).

India’s ambitious target is to achieve about 450 GW of installed renewable energy capacity by 2030,
with over 60% of this capacity expected to come from solar energy. According to the International
Energy Agency (IEA), India’s installed renewable energy capacity is projected to reach 174 GW in
2023, accounting for approximately 37% of the country’s total energy supply.

This remarkable growth reflects India’s commitment to sustainable energy and its transition towards
cleaner and greener power sources. Carbon incentive policies, exemplified by programs like the
UCR CoU, will play a pivotal role in achieving this goal.
________________
ISSUE DATE: 18/06/2024

QUANTITY: 36995 CoUs
_____________
Serial Number: 0001-000001-033651-UCR-CoU-IN-419-31032016-31122016

Vintage Year: 2016

Quantity:33651
_________
Serial Number: 0001-033652-076222-UCR-CoU-IN-419-01012017-31122017

Vintage Year:2017

Quantity: 42571
__________
Serial Number: 0001-076223-126355-UCR-CoU-IN-419-01012018-31122018

Vintage Year:2018

Quantity: 50133
______________
Serial Number: 0001-126356-176994-UCR-CoU-IN-419-01012019-31122019

Vintage Year: 2019

Quantity: 50639
_________________
Serial Number: 0001-176995-223948-UCR-CoU-IN-419-01012020-31122020

Vintage Year: 2020

Quantity: 46954
______________
Serial Number: 0001-223949-271814-UCR-CoU-IN-419-01012021-31122021

Vintage Year: 2021

Quantity: 47866
________________
Serial Number: 0001-271815-320284-UCR-CoU-IN-419-01012022-31122022

Vintage Year: 2022

Quantity: 48470
___________
Serial Number: 0001-320285-369995-UCR-CoU-IN-419-01012023-31122023

Vintage Year: 2023

Quantity: 49711
______________

